How To Install Official Stock ROM On Gionee A1 (Firmware File)

If you ever wondered you can install Official Nougat Firmware On Gionee A1, then you are in the right place. Now you can install the officially released Android 7.0 Nougat firmware on Gionee A1 smartphone. Follow the guide below to install the official Stock ROM on Gionee A1 based on Android 7.0 Nougat. Android 7.0 Nougat is the latest Android iteration which came out last year from google as a surprise for Nexus lineup. It is the sweetest released Android OS till now in Smartphone industry.

This guide is followed by a software known as SP Flash Tool which is simple and easy. You can just install Android Nougat Firmware On Gionee A1 using the Smartphone Flash tool. Follow the steps carefully to flash the firmware on Gionee A1 using the guide. We have included the screenshot of the SP Flash Tool to make it easy and sound.

We ask you to read the steps before doing something wrong. READ READ READ!! Once you are done! Now you can download the SP Flash Tool, VCOM Drivers and the stock ROM from the below Pre-Requisite note.

How To Install Official Nougat Firmware On Gionee A1

How To Install Nougat Firmware On Gionee A1
Download the Full Stock ROM which we given down below. You can also update your Gionee A1 smartphone anytime, also you can install the Stock Firmware build to revert back to old version also. In case if you have bricked your device, then you can bring back the phone (Unbrick) using the stock firmware anytime. Also if you feel your Gionee A1 lag or has any issue, then flash the stock firmware from the list below and save from situation. Stock Firmware doesn’t void a warranty on your Gionee A1.

Here are below of Android 7.0 Nougat firmware Update for Gionee A1. To install the Nougat Firmware On Gionee A1, Please follow the guide and download the ROM and SP Flash Tool on your computer. This guide is for How to Install Stock ROM on Gionee A1 smartphone.

What Is In Android 7.0 Nougat And Its Feature?
Android 7.0 Nougat comes with handful of features such as  App Shortcuts, Multi Window support, restart setting to power menu, Launch the camera by pressing the power button twice, Image Keyboard support, 100 Emoji added, GIF Support, Quick Reply via Notification, Notification Redesigned panel, Notifications prioritization, Enhanced Doze Mode, System UI Tuner, Customizable Quick Settings, Don Not Disturb, New Settings Panel Redesigned, Data Saver per App, seamless updates and New Emoji Support.

The Advantage Of Stock Firmware:
Flash Stock To Unbrick your Gionee A1
Flash Stock ROM to Fix the Bootloop problem
Upgrade and Downgrade Gionee A1
Unroot or Fix Bugs on your phone
To fix the lag or stutter on Gionee A1
By flashing Stock ROM, you can solve software problems.
Revert back to stock to gain your warranty.
READ THIS CAUTION:

So before jump into the manual upgradation setup, please make sure you have a good amount juice with at least 80% Charge. If not please charge the phone. Backup your phone in case if you need it later. If you brick the device we are not responsible. Do it at your own risk. Remember this guide is to update Nougat Firmware On Gionee A1.
Download Link Stock Rom 
Link:http://www.mediafire.com/file/7bjx7da8g87lorv/Gionee_A1_0301_T5971_MT6755.zip
Link:http://www.mediafire.com/file/6pnbk3qslx8h5uc/Gionee_A1_0301_T7207_MT6755_02052018.zip
Link:http://www.mediafire.com/file/ro4gubpxlmks2gb/Gionee_A1_0301_T7180_MT6755_11302017.zip
